[Doc] simplify instructions to build sui-sdk doc (#16402)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui-sdk/README.md

### Building documentation locally

You can also build the documentation locally. To do so,

1. Open a Terminal or Console and go to the `sui/crates/sui-sdk` directory.

> 1. Run `cargo doc` to build the documentation into the `sui/target` directory. Take note of location of the generated file from the last line of the output, e.g. `Generated /Users/foo/sui/target/doc/sui_sdk/index.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `cargo doc` to build the documentation into the `sui/target` directory. Take note of location of the generated file from the last line of the output, for example `Generated /Users/foo/sui/target/doc/sui_sdk/index.html`.
```

> 1. Open the `sui/target/doc/sui_sdk/index.html` file from above with a browser, like Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use a web browser, like Chrome, to open the `index.html` file at the location your console reported in the previous step.
```
